feat(prometheus): prometheus exporter self-observability (#7174)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: exporters/prometheus/internal/x/README.md

# Experimental Features

> The metric SDK contains features that have not yet stabilized in the OpenTelemetry specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `prometheus` exporter contains features that have not yet stabilized in the OpenTelemetry specification.
```

> These features are added to the OpenTelemetry Go metric SDK prior to stabilization in the specification so that users can start experimenting with them and provide feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These features are added to the `prometheus` exporter prior to stabilization in the specification so that users can start experimenting with them and provide feedback.
```

These feature may change in backwards incompatible ways as feedback is applied.
See the [Compatibility and Stability](#compatibility-and-stability) section for more information.

## Features

- [Self-Observability](#self-observability)

### Self-Observability

> The SDK provides a self-observability feature that allows you to monitor the SDK itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `prometheus` exporter provides a self-observability feature that allows you to monitor the SDK itself.
```
